# DnDAssistant
Little program to assist a DM in building a good campaign

When the program is opened, the user is able to configure a new campaign or continue an old one. Configuring a new one will include setting up enemies, selecting audio files for sound effects, and printing blank character sheets for the players. If the user selects to continue a new campaign, but the CSV's that store the info generated by a new campaign are not present, then the user is brought directly to the new campaign screen.

## Enemies
  The 'Enemies' functionality of this program allows a user to create multiple enemies of differing rarity types (1)Common, (2)Rare, and (3)Epic with unique builds. There can be multiple enemies of each category, all of which can be configured by the user. 
  For example, the user can configure a Common enemy by selecting integer ranges for each stat that the enemy will have, by listing items that could be in the enemies inventories, and by listing possible special abilities. Then, each time the user selects a Common enemy to spawn, one of the enemies of this rarity will be randomly selected and will have their stats, inventory, and abilites randomly selected to create unique builds for each encounter.

## Audio
  The 'Audio' functionality of this program allows the user to enhance atmosphere during the campagin. There are options for background music and then for special events. The background music plays on loop until it is changed by the user, at which point it will create a smooth transition to the new audio file. The special event audio selections will be played once and can be used for sounds like a door opneing and closing or a mosnter roar, without disrupting any active background music.

## ToDo's
1. Rough Draft (in terminal)
   - ~Create menu flow for Enemies and Music~
       - ~Implement user input verification~
       - ~Implement proper spacing and informative user messages~
   - Create Enemies Class
       - Implement file reader
       - Implement random enemy generating
   - Create Audio Class
       - Implement file reader
       - Implement background music player
           - Implement audio transitions
       - Implement special event audio that does not interrupt background music
2. User Generated Campaign
   - Create menu flow for continuing a campaign, configuring enemies, and configuring audio
   - Create ability to continue campaign
       - Implement file checks to prevent empty campaign files
   - Create ability to configure enemies
   - Create ability to configure audio
3. GUI
   - I have no clue where to even begin on this one
